readme.md, before:




# Build

- Works in `Visual Studio Code 1.29.1` with Firefox, Omnisharp, Editorconfi plugins.
- `Visual Studio 2017.8.9`?
- Jetbrains Raider/WebStorm?

# SDK and runtime



## Front
- [React Dev tools](https://fb.me/react-devtools)
  
## All On Windows 10 
- If new to git than [Github for Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/)
- Client build on server [Node 10.14.1](https://nodejs.org/dist/v10.14.1/node-v10.14.1-x64.msi)
- Server runtime [.NET Core SDK 2.1.500 ](https://www.microsoft.com/net/download/thank-you/dotnet-sdk-2.1.500-windows-x64-installer) for ASP.NET Core
- Database [MongoDB Community Edition 4.0.4](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/tutorial/install-mongodb-on-windows/)
- Converter and extractor [Libre Office 6.1.3](https://www.libreoffice.org/download/download/)

## All on Ubuntu
- You already very cool and can resolve all on your own.

# Team

https://web.telegram.org/#/im?p=g283474501

# Domain

[Covenant](https://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/%D0%9A%D0%BE%D0%B2%D0%B5%D0%BD%D0%B0%D0%BD%D1%82_(%D1%8E%D1%80%D0%B8%D1%81%D0%BF%D1%80%D1%83%D0%B4%D0%B5%D0%BD%D1%86%D0%B8%D1%8F))

See [example document](src/ClientApp/public/document/55db3a1231a04e39983063027839bf36.txt)

TODO: we will be given with real covenantas

# Main scenario

- User uploads document
- Document is parsed
- Positions of covenants are found
- Document with highlighted covenants are  shown
- User clicks on covenant
- Covenant is added to task board
- Covenant may be acted upon (e.g. set notification)

## Example

```yaml

```


# Proof of Concept

- upload text only; next upload text only docx or rtf, next pdf
- find covenants by regex; next by nlp ml
- position is `{start char index, end char index, type of data index}`
- only found can be added; next allow manual highlight
- show in dashboard; next:allow attach action to dashboard item
- text only view; next: near native view;


# Solutions
- Will store native document to allow download and reparce original. So not client side (fat client) parsing
- Store document text in database or as file?

# Todo
- sketch dummy data and API and interfaces on MVC side to allow parallel start
- sketch dummy react view (read data stored in json file) to show document random highligh and to press on yellow to get dashboard item (all in raw text-json blobs, no real sructure)
- Update React to latest?

Commit message:

updated readme, add test file

readme.md, after:




# Build

## Works in `Visual Studio Code 1.29.1` with plugins:
- `Debugger for Firefox` or `Debugger for Chrome` 
- `Omnisharp`
- `EditorConfig for VS Code`
- `.NET Core Test Explorer`
- `npm`
- `GitLens — Git supercharged`


 plugins.
## `Visual Studio 2017.8.9`?

## Jetbrains Raider/WebStorm?

# SDK and runtime



## Front
- [React Dev tools](https://fb.me/react-devtools)
  
## All On Windows 10 
- If new to git than [Github for Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/)
- Client build on server [Node 10.14.1](https://nodejs.org/dist/v10.14.1/node-v10.14.1-x64.msi)
- Server runtime [.NET Core SDK 2.1.500 ](https://www.microsoft.com/net/download/thank-you/dotnet-sdk-2.1.500-windows-x64-installer) for ASP.NET Core
- Database [MongoDB Community Edition 4.0.4](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/tutorial/install-mongodb-on-windows/)
- Converter and extractor [Libre Office 6.1.3](https://www.libreoffice.org/download/download/)

## All on Ubuntu
- You already very cool and can resolve all on your own.

# Team

https://web.telegram.org/#/im?p=g283474501

# Domain

[Covenant](https://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/%D0%9A%D0%BE%D0%B2%D0%B5%D0%BD%D0%B0%D0%BD%D1%82_(%D1%8E%D1%80%D0%B8%D1%81%D0%BF%D1%80%D1%83%D0%B4%D0%B5%D0%BD%D1%86%D0%B8%D1%8F))

See [example document](src/ClientApp/public/document/55db3a1231a04e39983063027839bf36.txt)

TODO: we will be given with real covenantas

# Main scenario

- User uploads document
- Document is parsed
- Positions of covenants are found
- Document with highlighted covenants are  shown
- User clicks on covenant
- Covenant is added to task board
- Covenant may be acted upon (e.g. set notification)

## Example

```yaml

```


# Proof of Concept

- upload text only; next upload text only docx or rtf, next pdf
- find covenants by regex; next by nlp ml
- position is `{start char index, end char index, type of data index}`
- only found can be added; next allow manual highlight
- show in dashboard; next:allow attach action to dashboard item
- text only view; next: near native view;


# Solutions
- Will store native document to allow download and reparce original. So not client side (fat client) parsing
- Store document text in database or as file?

# Todo
- sketch dummy data and API and interfaces on MVC side to allow parallel start
- sketch dummy react view (read data stored in json file) to show document random highligh and to press on yellow to get dashboard item (all in raw text-json blobs, no real sructure)
- Update React to latest?
